[Email Security] Text add-ons (#20270)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/email-security/detection-settings/configure-text-add-ons.mdx

---
title: Configure text add-ons
pcx_content_type: how-to
sidebar:
  order: 7
---

You can create custom labels to be used as the subject or body prefix for emails with specific dispositions.

To configure text add-ons:

1. Log in to [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/).
2. Select **Email Security**.
3. Select **Settings**, then go to **Detection settings** > **Text add-ons** > **View**.
4. Select **Configure**.

> You can configure a **subject prefix**, and/or a **body prefix**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure a **subject prefix** and/or a **body prefix**.
```

## Subject prefix

A subject prefix is a custom label to be used as the subject prefix for emails with specific dispositions.

Populate each disposition with a subject prefix, and turn on the **Status** to enable the subject prefix for a specific disposition.

Additionally, you can turn on **Add "labels" variable**. This option allows you to add a dynamic value that for a label that lists dispositions and allows for additional text. To turn on this option:

1. Go to **Advanced settings** > **Add "labels" variable**.
2. Choose between **Use default**, or **Use custom "labels" variable**. If you choose **Use custom "labels" variable**, enter the custom label in the text box.

## Body prefix

> A body prefix is a custom label to be used as the body prefix fo emails with specific dispositions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A body prefix is a custom label adds text to the top of the email body for emails with specific dispositions.
```

Reviewer: Or something else, don't love that we're defining the term with the term itself.

Author: Thanks, will think of an alternative. :)

Populate each disposition with a body prefix, and turn on the **Status** to enable the body prefix for a specific disposition.

With body prefix, you can turn on advanced settings:

- **Add "labels" variable**: This option allows you to add a dynamic value that for a label that lists dispositions and allows for additional text. Choose between:
    - **Use default**.
    - **Use custom "labels" variable**: Enter the custom label in the text box.
- **Add "threat types" variable**: Choose between:
    - **Use default**.
    - **Use custom "threat types" variable**: Enter the custom threat type in the text box.

> Once you have configured a subject prefix or a body prefix, select **Save**.

Reviewer: Should these be grouped in a numbered list since it's a step-by-step ending with **Save**?

Author: The reason why I didn't add a numbered list is because the two advanced options appear as toggles in the dashboard. The user can turn on one or the other.
